# In this project, the following tasks have been successfully solved:
# 1. The subjective feeling of coldness is calculated using the formula: 3.74 + 0.6215T - 35.75(V^0.16) + 0.4275TV^0.16, where T is the temperature in degrees Fahrenheit, and V is the wind speed in miles per hour. Write a program that prints a table of subjective feeling of coldness for the temperature and wind speed intervals entered by the user. Using a while loop, write a function that determines how many years it takes for an invested amount of money in a bank to double. The function takes the annual interest rate as a parameter and returns the number of years. Example program execution: </br> >>> print(yearsToDouble(0.04)) </br> 18
# 2, The Syracuse sequence is calculated starting from a natural number x as follows: xi+1 = xi/2 if xi is even, and xi+1 = 3xi + 1 if xi is odd. Write a function that takes the initial value x and returns a list with the Syracuse sequence for that value. Example program execution: </br> >>> print(syracuse(5)) </br> [5, 16, 8, 4, 2, 1]
# 3. A positive integer x greater than 2 is prime if there is no number in the range [2, x] that evenly divides x. Write a function that checks if a number is prime. The function should take the number to be checked as input and return True if it is prime, and False if it is not. Example program execution: </br> >>> print(isPrime(127)) </br> True </br> >>> print(isPrime(123)) </br> False
# 4. Write a function that takes a natural number n and returns a list containing all prime numbers that are less than n. Example program execution: </br> >>> print(primeNumbers(20)) </br> [2, 3, 5, 7, 11, 13, 17, 19]
# 5. The greatest common divisor is calculated using the Euclidean algorithm: for numbers m and n, the algorithm repeats ni+1=mi, mi+1=ni%mi until m reaches 0. When m becomes 0, n is the greatest common divisor. Write a function that implements the Euclidean algorithm to calculate the greatest common divisor of two natural numbers. The function should take two natural numbers as input and return their greatest common divisor. Example program execution: </br> >>> print(GCD(25, 15)) </br> 5
# 6. Write a program for registering new products in a store. When the program starts, it allows the salesperson to log in to the system. When logging in to the system, the salesperson enters a username and password. After successfully logging in, the salesperson can add a new product, entering the product's name, price, and quantity available. After adding a new product, a list of all products in the store is displayed. Adding products is repeated until the salesperson enters "quit." If the salesperson enters "quit" for the name, price, or quantity of the product, the program execution is terminated. Usernames and passwords are stored in the file "salespeople.txt," and product names, prices, and quantities are stored in the file "products.txt."
